These labview project and VIs being used on my static load control system with a DN-10W indicator (DACELL, www.dacell.com) <br><br>
The system controls static load generated by a pneumatic cylinder.<br>
The load (force) measured by a calibrated load cell with the DN-10W indicator. The DN-10W indicator compares the measured force to previsouly entered reference values.<br>
In decision mode, there are three states: Low, High, and OK. These states are separated by two reference values: High limit set value, and Low limit set value. (see manual p.16) <br>
If the measured force is between the High limit set value and the Low limit set value, the state is OK. Then the relay 2 in the DN-10W is ON (other relays are off).<br>
If the measured force is smaller than the Low limit set value, the state is Low. Then the relay 1 is ON (other relays are off).<br>
If the measured force is higher than the High limit set value, the state is High. Then the relay 3 is ON (other relays are off).<br>
In the state OK, there is no change in the system. When the state become Low, a solenoid valve makes cylinder pressure high is ON. In other hand, state become High, another solenoid valve makes cylinder pressure low is ON.<br><br>
The two reference values were entered by push buttons in the front of the DN-10W body manually. This way is too slow. <br>
These codes improve this situation. This program changes the two reference values using modbus-rtu communication between a PC and a DN-10W indicator. The program sets the High limit set value and Low limit set value as the input set value +/- 0.1 kgf. So, the force is controlled within set value +/- 0.1 kgf.<br><br>
Operation
1. Physical connect RX/TX (see manual)
2. Run program
3. Dropdown VISA Resource name
4. Select port
5. Click 'Connect'
6. Click 'Read'
7. Input 'Set value'
8. Click 'SV Update'
Zero button is zero
End is close the program
